Update vite-package-setup.md (#5517)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: new-backoffice/extending/development-flow/vite-package-setup.md

});
```

This alters the Vite default output into a **library mode**, where the output is a JavaScript file with the same name as the `name` attribute in `package.json`. The name is `my-dashboard` if you followed this tutorial with no changes.

> The source code that is compiled lives in the `src` folder of your package folder. Here you can see a `my-element.js` file. You can confirm that this file is the one specified as our entry on the Vite config file that we just created.

Reviewer: Part of our styleguide is [to not use "just" ](https://docs.umbraco.com/welcome/contribute/style-guide#editorializing) word, therefore this would be my suggestion:
```suggestion
The source code that is compiled lives in the `src` folder of your package folder and that is where you can see a `my-element.js` file. You can confirm that this file is the one specified as our entry on the Vite config file that we recently created.
```

{% endcode %}

{% hint style="info" %}
Umbraco needs the name of the element that will render as default when our dashboard loads. This is specified in the manifest as the `elementName`. Another approach would be to define your default element in the TS code.

To do this, you should add `default` to your `MyElement` class in the `my-element.js` file like so 

```ts
export default class MyElement extends LitElement {
```

{% endhint %}

### Testing your package

> In order to be able to test your package, you will need to run your site. Before you do this, you will need to include all the files in the `src` folder and the `umbraco-package.json` file into your project. We recommend you do this by adding a few lines to your csproj file like so:

Reviewer: On the last sentence it mentions "We recommend you do this by adding a few lines to your csproj file like so:" however there is no code examples or so. Can you please look into it? Otherwise the rest looks good 😊 :#h5YR

Author: Oops. I decided to not leave an example of the csproj as it's too specific for every case and won't add a lot of value. I have removed the last sentence. I think the next paragraph about being careful when adding the folders using Visual Studio should be enough.

{% endcode %}

{% hint style="info" %}
Umbraco needs the name of the element that will render as default when our dashboard loads. This is specified in the manifest as the `elementName`. Another approach would be to define your default element in the TS code.

To do this, you should add `default` to your `MyElement` class in the `my-element.js` file like so 

```ts
export default class MyElement extends LitElement {
```

{% endhint %}

{% hint style="info" %}

> For this to work on your Umbraco website, you need to include all the files in the `src` folder and the `umbraco-package.json` file. We recommend you do this by adding a few lines to your csproj file like so:

Reviewer: by "for this to work" can you elaborate to what it refers to? Is it in general setting up the vite package or?

> If you try to include these resources via Visual Studio, be careful to include only the `dist` folder. Otherwise, VS will try to be smart by including a few lines on your csproj file to compile the TypeScript code that exists in your project folder. When you run your website, VS will try to compile these files and will fail.

Reviewer: Part of our styleguide is to keep [sentences less than 25 words](https://docs.umbraco.com/welcome/contribute/style-guide#long-sentences), therefore I am suggesting the following:
```suggestion
If you try to include these resources via Visual Studio, be careful to include only the `dist` folder. Otherwise, VS will try include a few lines on your csproj file to compile the TypeScript code that exists in your project folder. When you run your website, VS will try to compile these files and will fail.
```

> {% endhint %}

Reviewer: there are 2 info notes one after another. To avoid this, my suggestion would be for the 2nd info note to be changed to a new headline like "#### Including files" or just leave it as normal text or add in the previous info note (which in this case the first info note might be longer). Another idea would be to change the 2nd info note to warning as it mentions "be careful to include only the `dist` folder..."
